Python has a large standard library, commonly cited as one of Pythonas greatest strengths, providing tools suited to many tasks. This is deliberate and has been described as a batteries included Python philosophy. For Internet-facing applications a large number of standard formats and protocols (such as MIME and HTTP) are supported. Modules for creating graphical user interfaces, connecting to relational databases, pseudorandom number generators, arithmetic with arbitrary precision decimals,[65] manipulating regular expressions, and doing unit testing are also included.aSome parts of the standard library are covered by specifications (for example, the WSGI implementation wsgiref follows PEP 333[66]), but the majority of the modules are not. They are specified by their code, internal documentation, and test suite (if supplied). However, because most of the standard library is cross-platform Python code, there are only a few modules that must be altered or completely rewritten by alternative implementations.aThe standard library is not essential to run Python or embed Python within an application. Blender 2.49, for instance, omits most of the standard library.aAs of January 2015, the Python Package Index, the official repository of third-party software for Python, contains more than 54,000 packages offering a wide range of functionality, includingaThe Old Church of St Nidan, Llanidan, is a medieval church in Anglesey, Wales. The first church on the site was established in the 7th century by St Nidan, the confessor of the monastery at Penmon, Angleseya the oldest parts of the present structure date from the 14th century. In about 1500 a second nave was added, and an arcade (pictured) was built between the two naves. Between 1839 and 1843 a new church was built nearby, partly due to the cost of repairing St Nidanas. A sandstone chest containing bone fragments (which local tradition holds to be those of St Nidan) and a 13th-century font were relocated to the new church. Much of the old church was demolished, leaving part of the western end and the central arcade. It has been restored and is occasionally open to the public. The remaining parts of the church are a Grade IIa listed building. In the 12th century, Gerald of Wales said that the church possessed a curious stone shaped like a thigh that would always return by the next day no matter how far away it was taken. A Norman earl, he said, had chained it to a large rock and thrown it into the sea, only for the stone to return to the church by the following morning. Stede Bonnet (c. 1688 a December 13, 1718) was an early 18th-century Barbadian pirate, sometimes called athe gentleman piratea. Because of marital problems, Bonnet turned to piracy in the summer of 1717. He bought a sailing vessel, named it Revenge, and traveled with his paid crew along the American eastern seaboard, capturing other vessels and burning down Barbadian ships. After arriving in Nassau, Bonnet met the infamous pirate Blackbeard. Incapable of leading his crew, Bonnet temporarily ceded his shipas command to Blackbeard. Before separating in December 1717, Blackbeard and Bonnet plundered and captured merchant ships along the East Coast. After Bonnet failed to capture the Protestant Caesar, his crew abandoned him to join Blackbeard on the Queen Anneas Revenge. Bonnet stayed on Blackbeardas ship as a guest, and did not command a crew again until summer 1718, when he was pardoned by North Carolina governor Charles Eden and received clearance to go privateering against Spanish shipping. By July 1718, he had returned to piracy. In late August and September of that year, Colonel William Rhett led a naval expedition against pirates on the Cape Fear River. Rhett and Bonnetas men fought each other for hours, but the outnumbered pirates ultimately surrendered. Rhett arrested the pirates and brought them to Charleston in early October. Bonnet was brought to trial, and sentenced to death. After his request for clemency was turned down, Bonnet was hanged in Charleston on December 10, 1718. To quote Karl Marx, blue boxing hasaalways been the most noble form ofaphreaking. As opposed to such thingsaas using an MCI code to make a freeafone call, which is merely mindlessapseudo-phreaking, blue boxing isaactual interaction with the BellaSystem toll network. It is likewiseaadvisable to be more cautious whenablue boxing, but the careful phreakawill not be caught, regardless of whatatype of switching system he is under.a  In this part, I will explain how andawhy blue boxing works, as well asawhere. In later parts, I will giveamore practical information for blueaboxing and routing information.a  To begin with, blue boxing is simplyacommunicating with trunks. Trunks mustanot be confused with subscriber linesa(or acustomer loopsa) which areastandard telefone lines. Trunks areathose lines that connect centralaoffices. Now, when trunks are not inause (i.e., idle or aon-hooka state)athey have 2600Hz applied to them. Ifathey are two-way trunks, there isa2600Hz in both directions. When aatrunk IS in use (busy or aoff-hookaastatea), the 2600Hz is removed fromathe side that is off-hook. The 2600Hzais therefore known as a supervisoryasignal, because it indicates theastatus of a trunka on hook (tone) oraoff-hook (no tone). Note also thata2600Hz denoted SF (single frequency)asignalling and is ain-band.a This isavery important. aIn-banda means thatais is within the band of frequenciesathat may be transmitted over normalatelefone lines. Other SF signals, suchaas 3700Hz are used also. However, theyacannot be carried over the telefoneanetwork normally (they are aout-of-abanda) and are therefore not able toabe taken advantage of as 2600Hz is.a  Back to trunks. Letas take aahypothetical phone call. You pick upayour fone and dial 1+806-258-1234a(your good friend in Armarillo,aTexas). For ease, weall assume thatayou are on #5 Crossbar switching andanot in the 806 area. Your centralaoffice (CO) would recognize thata806 is a foreign NPA, so it wouldaroute the call to the toll centreathat serves you. [For the sake ofaaccuracy here, and for the moreaexperienced readers, note that theaCO in question is a class 5 withaLAMA that uses out-of-band SFasupervisory signalling]. Dependingaon where you are in the country, theacall would leave your toll centrea(on more trunks) to another tollacentre, or office of higher aranka.aThen it would be routed to centralaoffice 806-258 eventually and theacall would be completed.