Python has a large standard library, commonly cited as one of Python's greatest strengths, providing tools suited to many tasks. This is deliberate and has been described as a batteries included Python philosophy. For Internet-facing applications a large number of standard formats and protocols (such as MIME and HTTP) are supported. Modules for creating graphical user interfaces, connecting to relational databases, pseudorandom number generators, arithmetic with arbitrary precision decimals,[65] manipulating regular expressions, and doing unit testing are also included.
Some parts of the standard library are covered by specifications (for example, the WSGI implementation wsgiref follows PEP 333[66]), but the majority of the modules are not. They are specified by their code, internal documentation, and test suite (if supplied). However, because most of the standard library is cross-platform Python code, there are only a few modules that must be altered or completely rewritten by alternative implementations.
The standard library is not essential to run Python or embed Python within an application. Blender 2.49, for instance, omits most of the standard library.
As of January 2015, the Python Package Index, the official repository of third-party software for Python, contains more than 54,000 packages offering a wide range of functionality, including
The Old Church of St Nidan, Llanidan, is a medieval church in Anglesey, Wales. The first church on the site was established in the 7th century by St Nidan, the confessor of the monastery at Penmon, Anglesey; the oldest parts of the present structure date from the 14th century. In about 1500 a second nave was added, and an arcade (pictured) was built between the two naves. Between 1839 and 1843 a new church was built nearby, partly due to the cost of repairing St Nidan's. A sandstone chest containing bone fragments (which local tradition holds to be those of St Nidan) and a 13th-century font were relocated to the new church. Much of the old church was demolished, leaving part of the western end and the central arcade. It has been restored and is occasionally open to the public. The remaining parts of the church are a Grade II* listed building. In the 12th century, Gerald of Wales said that the church possessed a curious stone shaped like a thigh that would always return by the next day no matter how far away it was taken. A Norman earl, he said, had chained it to a large rock and thrown it into the sea, only for the stone to return to the church by the following morning. Stede Bonnet (c. 1688 – December 13, 1718) was an early 18th-century Barbadian pirate, sometimes called "the gentleman pirate". Because of marital problems, Bonnet turned to piracy in the summer of 1717. He bought a sailing vessel, named it Revenge, and traveled with his paid crew along the American eastern seaboard, capturing other vessels and burning down Barbadian ships. After arriving in Nassau, Bonnet met the infamous pirate Blackbeard. Incapable of leading his crew, Bonnet temporarily ceded his ship's command to Blackbeard. Before separating in December 1717, Blackbeard and Bonnet plundered and captured merchant ships along the East Coast. After Bonnet failed to capture the Protestant Caesar, his crew abandoned him to join Blackbeard on the Queen Anne's Revenge. Bonnet stayed on Blackbeard's ship as a guest, and did not command a crew again until summer 1718, when he was pardoned by North Carolina governor Charles Eden and received clearance to go privateering against Spanish shipping. By July 1718, he had returned to piracy. In late August and September of that year, Colonel William Rhett led a naval expedition against pirates on the Cape Fear River. Rhett and Bonnet's men fought each other for hours, but the outnumbered pirates ultimately surrendered. Rhett arrested the pirates and brought them to Charleston in early October. Bonnet was brought to trial, and sentenced to death. After his request for clemency was turned down, Bonnet was hanged in Charleston on December 10, 1718. To quote Karl Marx, blue boxing has
always been the most noble form of
phreaking. As opposed to such things
as using an MCI code to make a free
fone call, which is merely mindless
pseudo-phreaking, blue boxing is
actual interaction with the Bell
System toll network. It is likewise
advisable to be more cautious when
blue boxing, but the careful phreak
will not be caught, regardless of what
type of switching system he is under.
  In this part, I will explain how and
why blue boxing works, as well as
where. In later parts, I will give
more practical information for blue
boxing and routing information.
  To begin with, blue boxing is simply
communicating with trunks. Trunks must
not be confused with subscriber lines
(or "customer loops") which are
standard telefone lines. Trunks are
those lines that connect central
offices. Now, when trunks are not in
use (i.e., idle or "on-hook" state)
they have 2600Hz applied to them. If
they are two-way trunks, there is
2600Hz in both directions. When a
trunk IS in use (busy or "off-hook"
state"), the 2600Hz is removed from
the side that is off-hook. The 2600Hz
is therefore known as a supervisory
signal, because it indicates the
status of a trunk; on hook (tone) or
off-hook (no tone). Note also that
2600Hz denoted SF (single frequency)
signalling and is "in-band." This is
very important. "In-band" means that
is is within the band of frequencies
that may be transmitted over normal
telefone lines. Other SF signals, such
as 3700Hz are used also. However, they
cannot be carried over the telefone
network normally (they are "out-of-
band") and are therefore not able to
be taken advantage of as 2600Hz is.
  Back to trunks. Let's take a
hypothetical phone call. You pick up
your fone and dial 1+806-258-1234
(your good friend in Armarillo,
Texas). For ease, we'll assume that
you are on #5 Crossbar switching and
not in the 806 area. Your central
office (CO) would recognize that
806 is a foreign NPA, so it would
route the call to the toll centre
that serves you. [For the sake of
accuracy here, and for the more
experienced readers, note that the
CO in question is a class 5 with
LAMA that uses out-of-band SF
supervisory signalling]. Depending
on where you are in the country, the
call would leave your toll centre
(on more trunks) to another toll
centre, or office of higher "rank".
Then it would be routed to central
office 806-258 eventually and the
call would be completed.
